README.md, before:

# Principles of Automatic Control
> This is a course on principles of automatic control using classical control theory. The course uses Python to implement some of the concepts described in class.


<table style='margin: 0 auto' rules=none>
    <tr>
    <td> <img src="img/0.philos-and-sensors.png" alt="0.robot" style="height: 300px;"/> </td>        
    <td> <img src="img/0.iNeptune-pMarineViewer-sim3.png" alt="0.iNeptune-pMarineViewer-sim3" style="height: 300px;"/> </td>    
    </tr>
</table>

<table style='margin: 0 auto' rules=none>
    <tr>    
    <td> <img src="img/0.pathplan_philos_07-21_1312_combined.png" alt="0.pathplan_philos_07-21_1312_combined" style="width: 750px;"/> </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Install

The notebooks run with python 3.9 and use the following python libraries:
- sympy
- python control
- numpy
- pandas
- matplotlib 
- opencv-python

Notebook `01_Getting_started_with_Python_and_Jupyter_Notebook.ipynb` provides a short introduction on how to set up an anaconda environment to get you started.


`pip install your_project_name`

## How to use

Each notebook is thought to be independent from every other, so it is possible to run them in any order you prefer.

## Credits
- Images above are from the paper _Conlan Cesar, Benjamin Whetton, Michael DeFilippo, Michael Benjamin, Michael Sacarny, Scott Reed, Andrea Munafo, Coordinating Multiple Autonomies to Improve Mission Performance, OCEANS 2021 MTS/IEEE, October, 2021_

- _Some images in the notebooks have been taken from the wonderful resources available at [engineeringmedia.com](https://engineeringmedia.com/map-of-control) - I encourage you all to look at his fantastic videos to gain an even better intuition of control theory._

Commit message:

Clarifies credits in index.ipynb

README.md, after:

# Principles of Automatic Control
> This is a course on principles of automatic control using classical control theory. The course uses Python to implement some of the concepts described in class.


<table style='margin: 0 auto' rules=none>
    <tr>
    <td> <img src="img/0.philos-and-sensors.png" alt="0.robot" style="height: 300px;"/> </td>        
    <td> <img src="img/0.iNeptune-pMarineViewer-sim3.png" alt="0.iNeptune-pMarineViewer-sim3" style="height: 300px;"/> </td>    
    </tr>
</table>

<table style='margin: 0 auto' rules=none>
    <tr>    
    <td> <img src="img/0.pathplan_philos_07-21_1312_combined.png" alt="0.pathplan_philos_07-21_1312_combined" style="width: 750px;"/> </td>
    </tr>
</table>

## Install

The notebooks run with python 3.9 and use the following python libraries:
- sympy
- python control
- numpy
- pandas
- matplotlib 
- opencv-python

Notebook `01_Getting_started_with_Python_and_Jupyter_Notebook.ipynb` provides a short introduction on how to set up an anaconda environment to get you started.


`pip install your_project_name`

## How to use

Each notebook is thought to be independent from every other, so it is possible to run them in any order you prefer.

## Credits
- Images above are from the paper _Conlan Cesar, Benjamin Whetton, Michael DeFilippo, Michael Benjamin, Michael Sacarny, Scott Reed, Andrea Munafo, Coordinating Multiple Autonomies to Improve Mission Performance, OCEANS 2021 MTS/IEEE, October, 2021_

- _Some of the images and content used in the notebooks have been based on resources available from [engineeringmedia.com](https://engineeringmedia.com/map-of-control). The website and the youtube videos are a fantastic resource on control systems._

- Relevant textbooks used to prepare these notebooks are reported in `00_Syllabus.ipynb`. 

--------------------
